---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tir_eos Resource - tir"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tir_eos (Resource)

TIR Datasets provide a seamless solution for organizing, sharing, and accessing your data directly within TIR Notebooks and training workflows. With support for both EOS-backed Object Storage and PVC-backed Disk Storage, TIR makes data management effortless.


## Example Usage

```hcl

resource "tir_eos" <name:string> {
    name = <name:string>
    disk_size = 100
    storage_type = <storage_type:string>
    pvc_type = "custom_pvc" // for disk this must be custom_pvc
    team_id = <team_id : string>
    project_id = <project_id:string>
    active_iam = <active_iam:string>
}

```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active_iam` (String) The IAM (Identity and Access Management) role associated with the EOS resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the EOS (Elastic Object Storage) resource. This is a required field and must be unique.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project where the EOS resource is deployed.
- `storage_type` (String) The type of storage for the EOS resource. Supported values are 'new_bucket' for managed storage, 'existing_bucket' for E2E S3, and 'disk' for PVC (Persistent Volume Claim).
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team that owns the EOS resource.

### Optional

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the bucket associated with the EOS resource. This is computed automatically.
- `disk_size` (Number) The size of the disk (in GB) allocated for the EOS resource. This is applicable only for PVC storage type.
- `encryption_enable` (Boolean) Indicates whether encryption is enabled for the EOS resource. Default is false.
- `encryption_type` (String) The type of encryption used for the EOS resource. This is required if encryption is enabled.
- `pvc_type` (String) The type of PVC (Persistent Volume Claim) used for the EOS resource. This is applicable only for PVC storage type.

### Read-Only

- `access_key` (String) The access key for the EOS resource. This is computed automatically.
- `bucket_endpoint` (String) The endpoint URL for accessing the bucket. This is computed automatically.
- `bucket_url` (String) The URL of the bucket associated with the EOS resource. This is computed automatically.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the EOS resource was created. This is computed automatically.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `secret_key` (String) The secret key for the EOS resource. This is computed automatically.
- `status` (String) The current status of the EOS resource. This is computed automatically.
