---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tir_model_repository Resource - tir"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tir_model_repository (Resource)

TIR Model Repositories are designed to store model weights and configuration files. These repositories can be backed by either E2E Object Storage (EOS) or PVC storage within a Kubernetes environment.



## Example Usage

```hcl

 resource "tir_model_repository" "jn"{
    name = "soss"
    storage_type = "new"
    model_type = "pytorch"
    team_id = <team_id : string>
    project_id = <project_id:string>
    active_iam = <active_iam:string>
  }


```




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active_iam` (String) The IAM (Identity and Access Management) role associated with the model repository.
- `model_type` (String) The type of model stored in the repository. This defines the category or framework of the model (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch).
- `name` (String) The name of the model repository. This is a required field and must be unique.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project where the model repository is deployed.
- `storage_type` (String) The type of storage for the model repository. Supported values are 'new' for managed storage, 'existing' for E2E S3, and 'external' for PVC (Persistent Volume Claim).
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team that owns the model repository.

### Optional

- `access_key` (String) The access key for the model repository. This is optional and will be auto-generated if not provided.
- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the bucket associated with the model repository. This is optional and will be auto-generated if not provided.
- `secret_key` (String) The secret key for the model repository. This is optional and will be auto-generated if not provided.

### Read-Only

- `bucket_endpoint` (String) The endpoint URL for accessing the bucket. This is computed automatically.
- `bucket_url` (String) The URL of the bucket associated with the model repository. This is computed automatically.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the model repository was created. This is computed automatically.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The current status of the model repository. This is computed automatically.


## Supported Model Type

 - `pytorch`
 - `triton`
 - `tensorrt`
 - `custom`