---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tir_notebook Resource - tir"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tir_notebook (Resource)

TIR Nodes are fully collaborative environments that make AI development possible. They combine the power of containers, Jupyter Labs, and AI/ML frameworks to create a readily usable workspace for you and your entire team.


## Example Usage
```hcl

resource "tir_notebook" "name:string"{
    node_name = "node-22"
    image_name ="Diffusers"
    image_version ="v0.27.2"
    currency = "INR"
    location = "Delhi"
    sku_name = "C3.4"
    sku_type = "hourly"
    instance_type = "paid_usage"
    committed_instance_policy = ""
    committed_days =0
    team_id = <team_id : string>
    project_id = <project_id:string>
    active_iam = <active_iam:string>
    stop_node = false // must be false at the time of creation
}

```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active_iam` (String) The IAM (Identity and Access Management) role associated with the node.
- `currency` (String) The currency used for billing the node. Supported values are 'INR' and 'USD'.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the image used for the node. This is typically used in the case of notebooks.
- `image_version` (String) The version of the image used for the node.
- `instance_type` (String) The type of instance for the node. Supported values are 'free_usage' and 'paid_usage'.
- `location` (String) The location where the node is created. Example: 'Delhi' or 'Mumbai'.
- `node_name` (String) The name of the node. Example: 'node-020315084646'. This is a required field and must be unique.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project where the node is deployed.
- `sku_name` (String) The SKU (Stock Keeping Unit) name for the node. This defines the type of resource being deployed.
- `sku_type` (String) The SKU type for the node. This defines whether the node is billed hourly or on a committed basis.
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team that owns the node.

### Optional

- `add_ons` (List of String) A list of add-ons associated with the node.
- `category` (String) The category of the node. Default is 'notebook'.
- `cluster_type` (String) The type of cluster the node belongs to. Default is 'tir-cluster'.
- `committed_days` (Number) The number of days the node is committed for. This is used for billing and resource allocation.
- `committed_instance_policy` (String) The policy for committed instances. This defines how committed instances are managed and billed.
- `dataset_id_list` (List of String) A list of dataset IDs associated with the node.
- `disk_size` (Number) The size of the disk (in GB) allocated for the node. Default is 30 GB.
- `enable_ssh` (Boolean) Indicates whether SSH access is enabled for the node. Default is false.
- `image_type` (String) The type of image used for the node. Default is 'pre-built'.
- `is_jupyterlab_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether JupyterLab is enabled for the node. Default is true.
- `notebook_type` (String) The type of notebook associated with the node. Default is 'new'.
- `notebook_url` (String) The URL of the notebook associated with the node.
- `public` (List of String) A list of public configurations for the node.
- `sfs_path` (String) The path for shared file storage. Default is '/mnt/sfs'.
- `stop_node` (Boolean) Indicates whether to stop the node. Default is false.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the node was created. This is computed automatically.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notebook_url_at_tir` (String) The URL of the notebook at TIR (Tensor Inference Resource). This is computed automatically.
- `status` (String) The current status of the node. This is computed automatically.
