---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tir_private_cluster Resource - tir"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tir_private_cluster (Resource)

Private Cluster enables the creation of a dedicated environment with a predefined allocation of RAM, CPU, and GPU resources. The pricing for the Private Cluster is fixed, unaffected by the actual usage percentage of the allocated resources. Additionally, deploying Nodes, Inference engines, or Vector Databases within the Private Cluster incurs no extra charges.


## Example Usage

```hcl


resource "tir_private_cluster" "name" {
  name = "name"
  nodes_count = 1
  sku_name = "A100"
  sku_type = "hourly"
  location = "Delhi"
  currency = "INR"
 // committed_days = 0 // optional field leave it if sku_type = hourly
  // committed_instance_policy =  "auto_terminate" or "auto_renew" or "convert_to_hourly_billing" fill only incase of sku_type = committed
    team_id = <team_id : string>
    project_id = <project_id:string>
    active_iam = <active_iam:string>
}

```



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active_iam` (String) This is for Identity Access Management.
- `currency` (String) This is currency in which you want to make payments
- `location` (String) Location for resource allocation
- `name` (String) The name of the model repository. This is a required field and must be unique.
- `nodes_count` (Number) The number of kubernetes nodes you want.
- `project_id` (String) This is your project ID of platform
- `sku_name` (String) This is the plan name in plan listing
- `sku_type` (String) This is the plan type whether hourly or committed.
- `team_id` (String) This is team ID

### Optional

- `committed_days` (Number) This is optional field to specify the number of committed days you want to opt for in case of commited sku type
- `committed_instance_policy` (String) Committed Instance Policy to specify what to do with chosen committed plan after committed days, whether to renew, terminate and convert to hourly

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date and time at which private cluster is created
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
